10346|0|What's the point here ? The story went nowhere , he ended up where he started , he failed in his quest and he can look forward to a lonely life with idiot in-laws . Plus , the movie was just plain boring ( seeing Kathy Bates naked didn't help , either ) . Real inspiring . . . . .
10900|0|What about him ?
11726|0|Different ? Yes . If you ever decide to watch this movie you better have a 12 pack or a gun . Because you are gonna wanna get drunk or kill yourself . I watched it at the drive-in and cars were passing each other to get out of the damn place .
11838|0|Simply put , this one isn't true to the cartoon at all ! Instead , it ignores the great cartoon that was its inspiration and relies on the crutch of cliches that make up the typical teen comedy movie . Let's see , that's profanity , disrespectful attitudes from the protagnoists and sex jokes . Believe me , watch the cartoon instead . It's even got a laugh track !
12115|0|Adam Sandler sucks !
12129|0|NOT EVEN WORTH TAKING OUT ON VIDEO !
12178|0|please don't see this movie . please
12188|0|I wish we could rate topics in the negatives , I would have to rate this a -5 then . The plot was a joke , thank god Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels didn't accept this sequel . It still would have sucked .
12193|0|Actually , if Bob Saget's cameo was the only humourous thing about this movie , that should tell you how horrendous it truly is . Just a horrible waste of space . . . why anyone would waste money on it is beyond me . . .
12219|0|Ignorance . Anyone who wastes money even renting this movie should do a serious mental evaluation .
12478|0|A mentally ill creep passes judgement on children in this creepy movie . The fat kid is despised and reviled simply for enjoying chocolate . He never even gets a chance to show his personality because he's the first to go . The singers call him disgusting and repulsive . No wonder fat kids at school have double the rate of suicide attempts ! Why is it ok to hurt fat kids ?
12648|0|Pathetic .
12672|0|Yet , another lousy overrated remake .
12794|0|gross . IMO .
13543|0|I can not believe that this picture got best picture ! I hadn't seen it before then so had to go rent it . I was enormously disappointed . This movie is about as highly rated as Magnolia . Both movies suck'
13761|0|suck
13976|0|My all-time least favorite movie . Took me 4 times to get to the end . Wish I would have never started watching this piece of trash . . . .
14231|0|This movie is very bad . It shouldn't have won best picture
14280|0|One of the most violent , useless movies ever made . Not as bad as A Clockwork Orange , however .
14820|0|I hated this British drama . It only glorified drug use and stupidity . The movie is highly overrated and a waste of time to watch .
14896|0|Is Mel Gibson acting out some long suppressed hatred for an old history teacher ? That seems like the only explanation for all these unhistorical pieces of crap he does ?
15074|0|Walt Disney Pictures should of produced this movie since it dealt with Fantasyland from beginning to end . . .
15152|0|whatever ! this movie sucked .
16341|0|Mel Gibson is a pandering opportunist who creates intense images that play on our religious and emotional sensitivities . The bible says that Jesus died for our sins but the economics of this movie proves that Mel Gibson is dying for our wallet . If he were anything better , he would be showing it in theaters for free .
16488|0|This movie sucked ! ! I watched it because my daughter loves it , but I just thought it was terrible . Partly because I can't follow Shakespeare quite that quickly and partly because Shakespeare's version was a love story- this version was a story about gangs .
16641|0|The most overrated film I've seen since Shrek 2 . ( And that was just last May ! ! ! ) One of the worst and most boring films I've ever saw .
16727|0|This film gets my vote for the most Beautiful Looking Terrible Film of all time . It's like staring at a postcard for 2 hours ! Every teeny-tiny detail that goes into making a movie was time wasted in this case . Truly awful stuff .
16906|0|A horrible movie that is R-rated and promotes depravity all across the board , everyone should be ashamed of this trashy movie . Boycott this terror , now ! Eminem . . . arrested soon . . . let's hope !
17018|0|Gross , sick , disgusting , no purpose and defiantely not worth the money to see or hire . Sure it has the great actor Christian Bale , but it doesn't do anything for the audience . It is also at most points confusing and u get mixed up with what is real and unreal . A bit of weird , gross movie that isn't worth a look . Just read the title American Psycho
17198|0|HORRIBLE ! ! ! !
17246|0|Oh my God ! I am SO damn sick of hearing about JLo and Affleck ! let it die stupid media !
17299|0|This is the most overrated foreign film ever . The moral of the story seems to be this : If something bad is happening , lie about it , make life into a game , and you'll be a hero . This is , by far , the most dishonest depiction of the holocaust that I have ever seen .
17834|0|This was supposed to be a horror film , but Kubrick's ego forced him to attempt an artsy , comical film with those absurd hidden messages all combined with the horror and all he did was ruin the actual tale from the novel and make a proposterous movie . Truly pathetic stuff .
18142|0|I fell asleep halfway through this crap . It and the Exorcist are the 2 least scary movies I have seen .
18179|0|January 15 , 2004 . I saw the first trailer for the Dawn of the Dead remake . I asked my father about . He said , Yeah . It's an old zombie movie made in the 70s . Later , I figured out that it was The greatest zombie movie ever . March 14 , 2004 , I saw it . It was the stupidest thing I had ever seen ( and i've seen House of the Dead ) . Terrible acting . Unrealistic zombies . No action . Pointless . No where near as good as the remake . This movie sucked . Almost all of Romero's movies suck . Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead , and a couple of non-zombie movies he did . They all sucked . Do not watch this movie .
18297|0|If you want to get scared watch Halloween not this garbage .
18520|0|I hate scary movies . I don't get scared really easily and I find it pointless to watch , a waste of time . All the sequels of Scream are the same .
18722|0|Visually stunning , but poorly written and horribly acted . Keanu and Winona were miscast . They can't do the accents !
18878|0|AHHHHHHH ! OH MY GOD ! ! This movie scared the crap outta me ! ! I couldn't sleep because of The stupid , creepy clown that clown was so so freaky and scary I was extremly scared oh my gosh everytime I see that movie in the store I scream for real ! !
 1904|0|John Woo proves once again that he is the worst diector ever . This joke of a movie features a nonsensical story line , highlighted by boring dialogue and awkward action sequences . The only value this movie brought was the knowledge that Nicholas Cage can dodge upwards of 2 , 000 bullets per second .
19206|0|The only thing scary about this movie is the fact that it EXISTS . It seems that you either love or hate Q . Tarantino's work , and I guess I fall in the latter camp . The gratuitous violence and T A don't really do much , and it seems like the script originated from a role-playing game gone terribly awry . The movie doesn't just switch gears halfway through , it mutates into a really really bad vampire movie ( not that I've seen many good ones , but man , this one is probably one of the worst ) . If you like Tarantino's stuff , this might be alright . Otherwise , I'd suggest a new movie .
19420|0|made no sense at all
19788|0|This movie sucks like nothing has ever sucked before . Anyone who had anything to do with the making of this mess needs to apologize to all the fans of the REAL Friday the 13th films .
19873|0|Enough stupid halloween movies .
19973|0|Its stupid . If your wanna see this , why not rent a couple more movies that suck like the blair witch or maybe ticks .
19996|0|This movie was terrible ! If you haven't seen this movie yet dont bother . You will fall asleep during it .
20067|0|My advice - do not rent , buy or even waste your time watching this thing with friends . Unless , of course , you're in the mood to make fun of something that will barely challenge your skills in sarcasm . It is by far the most inane but successful waste of celluloid I have ever had the displeasure of witnessing . As much as I hate to admit it , I bought a $ 6 . 00 bargain copy - suckered in by my own curiosity and the cagey promotional stunt as seen on the Sci-Fi channel . Sci-Fi's promotional documentary , while very shrewd and effective , was still basically a big fat lie . Still , it was more cleverly done and coherently put together than the actual film . I completely agree with Molfan - 90 minutes of your life you will never get back .
20129|0|This was the worst movie ever made ! ! It was a waste of money and a waste of hype . The whole idea of not giving the actors a script is ridiculous . If there is no script , then how can any story be told . In my opinion , this movie was a waste of my time and $ 7 . 00 .
20342|0|Not scary , just disgusting .
20412|0|The worst sequel I have ever seen . ( That includes Caddyshack 2 )
20808|0|Long , drawn out and sleep inducing . One of worst wastes of money I have ever seen . THe plot was predictable and boring . Couldn't wait to get out the theater , even though It was over 100 degrees outside !
 2085|0|Sensless movie , bad acting , bad direction , horrible script , just good special effects . Good movie for airheads .
21027|0|Annoying garbage . Would be just fine if this was a grade 11 film student's effort . For professionals , just appalling .
21226|0|Painfully bad . The music is a mix of good and very bad . The actual movie is just ridiculous .
21317|0|This piece of trash is a total embarassment to anyone even remotely associated with it , an insult to the underlying concept that was gravely compromised and perverted , and total torture to anyone who might happen to view it . It's a quest for failure when one tries to develop a feature film from something as minor and narrow as an album concept , but the pinheads who bankrolled and churned out this bucket of vomit apparently didn't let caveat thinking get in their way . And any creative project with The World's Lamest Pop Band , those absolutely obnoxious , tone deaf and wimped out Bee Gees , is doomed to be a total disaster . Involving those pathetic Beatle-wannabes in this suspect initiative was the final Death Sentence .
21338|0|More trash from Moriah Carey . Get it through your skulls people , she can't sing !
21356|0|Why couldn't they leave Grease alone ?
 2136|0|'Not a Matt Damon fan . Went to see it only because my g / f wanted . . . Finally , I couldn't stand it . I walked out and left said g / f there to get her ya-ya's . Damon looks more like a secret agent intern .
21432|0|I would like to strangle my parents for making me watch this as much as I'd like to strangle my friends for forcing me to watch the NEW ones ( even if they did pay ) . You sit through these Staar Wars movie , you loose interest , you think about anything but the movie , trying not to fall asleep .
21523|0|I hated Stars Wars , Revenge od the Sith . I thought is was soooo stupid . I don't see why it was such a big deal to be released . I am so glad that this was the last one & I won't ever have to hear about Stars Wars after this .
22793|0|I joyfully pass on all the Potter garbage , books and movies .
22795|0|The only reason I saw this movie is because everyone was reading the books , how foolish I was . I hated this movie because it was boring and uninteresting . The plot was pathetic and simplistic . I wish in these childish movies that good lost againest evil for once so they wouldnt bother me with the next movie .
23693|0|This movie was completely without merit . From unbelievable plot lines to some of the most authentic 1970 special effects and graphics I've ever seen , this movie had a terrible odor which could not be extinguished . I am utterly amazed that the others rating this movie have managed to rate it so high . The characters are so unbelievably shallow and the plot so predictable , that I found myself laughing as each character was picked off . If you should decide to ignore my warning and watch this movie , be ready to laugh , and keep in mind that the law of energy conservation cannot be upheld by the theory set forth in this movie . I like Vin Diesel , and I know the girls find him hot , but he made a huge mistake when he made this .
23772|0|Independence Day isn't even a movie , it is a product . Something made to make money and make bundles of money for several different corporations . Next , this product is completly unbelievable and shallow . I could see something like this happening one day ( riiiight ) and I could see two doofuses like Will Smith and ( I actually really like this guy ) Jeff Goldblum getting an alien spaceship flying to the mother ship and takeing everything down with the help of an Apple computer laptop . This movie is made for people who like crap like Godzilla ( America's Mathew Broderick version ) , Dante's Peak and Deep Blue Sea . All show and no blow . Completley made for product placement and a large Gross . Go see it if you like ritualistic torture . I think I'll go to my room and watch The Day The Earth Stood Still . You go have fun with your kiddie movie .
23773|0|Will Smith was terrible in Men In Black , so why would you sign him up to play another sci-fi based character ? ? ? Independence Day is one movie that I could have missed .
24035|0|This movie was deplorable in every aspect ! From the slow boring beginning to the overly predictable ending , I could barely sit still through this movie . As tempted as I was to fastforward through the entire thing , I FORCED myself to sit through it in order to give it a fair rating . Granted , the movie producers were going for a black and white effect . Something classy . Memories from an archaic past . Blah blah blah . And this is the only reason why it got 1 star . No , that's not right . It's because I couldn't give it a BIG FAT 0 ! ! ! The violence in the movie was uncalled for . Even I felt sorry for those women in the movie and my wife had to leave the room because she was so offended . Thank God my daughters weren't home the night I chose to watch it . How somebody could write up such a ghastly horror wannabe flick is beyond me . It sure felt like a horror , only a cheaper , gross-out scale . Bravo to the producers / writers for giving more serial killers out there ideas on how to murder women . Now we have crazy men portrayed in such acts as hanging women's heads on walls as mantels and eating the live flesh from their fingers and forcing them to watch it being done . Enough said . This was absolute crap ! Don't waste your time ! I won't even mention the acting because there was not much of it to comment on .
24209|0|One of the worst movies of this decade : awful , pretentious , and incredibly dull . The speech that Nick Nolte , ( playing the Hulk's sinister mad scientist father ) gives near the end , and his transformation into some sort of elemental creature are so laughably ludicrous that I almost couldn't believe my eyes and ears . Avoid if at all possible !
24218|0|Awful movie ! By far the worst blockbuster of the year . What clumsy , pompous , lackluster boring directing this was . The only part of the movie that was true to the spirit of the comic was HULK battling the tanks . The dogs were dumb . Letting Banner's father , the person he hates most , talk to him , knowing he'll most likely piss him off and make em change into the HULK and escape was dumb . Making the HULK change in the water tank , without having a way to contain him was dumb . The ending was dumb . The script was so dadpan . The split screens and the soundtrack was oppressive and out of place . How can you make the HULK boring ? ? ? I felt nothing for Banner , unlike Bill Bixby's character , who I really sympathized with . Thanks Ang Kee for destroying what should have been a great and excited Marvel movie .
24326|0|A screenplay that could have been better written by a dung-beetle . Cinematography below that of a high-school film project . A cast that takes turns seeing who could be least competent . Special effects that by the standards of today are mediocre to poor . All in all , one of the most wretched films that has ever disgraced the industry .
24794|0|It bites , worse than a vampire with bad breathe .
24809|0|Awful . An amazingly talented cast is wasted completely in this poorly written piece of trash of a film .
24818|0|Wow ! I watched this movie because I was curious to see if it's actually as terrible as everyone says . And sure enough , it's shockingly bad . I'm not sure which aspect of Battlefield Earth stunk the most - the inane plot , the overdone acting , the ridiculous makeup / costumes , or the pathetic attempts to create drama by showing slow-motion shots of glass breaking every two minutes . How did three otherwise respected actors ( Travolta , Forest Whitaker , and Barry Pepper - who was great in Saving Private Ryan ) get themselves involved in such a worthless waste of time and money ?
 2725|0|I would normally never have watched this movie , but I was on a bus in Mexico and it happened to be the in-route movie . Long before it was over , I was hoping to be one of those stories you hear about where a bus in Mexico collides with another , or perhaps hurtles off a cliff . I knew how Oedipus felt when he blinded himself--and all he had done is slept with his mother ; I had to sit through the length of this absolutely worthless drivel passing itself off as entertainment . I honestly don't understand why this movie was popular with anyone other than the most dedicated masochists .
 2729|0|Do I really have to explain why I'm giving this film one star , I'd give it none if I could . This is the biggest cash cow film in prbably the history of movies . It's one attempt after another at being slick and exciting . It fails in both respects . Only Bill Murray is worth what they paid him in this movie . Best Scene : Lucy Lu as the domanatrix / business woman .
 2968|0|This is the worst example of a violent movie I've ever watched ! I hate violent movie , think it's totally unnecessary silly , it's only provoking the society to do more crime . In Hannibal they're eating human brain mass ( even a little boy ! ) , they're slicing of the top of a madman's head so on . How can this be entertainment ? ? ? 'HughJackman's mate ' must be a very unintelligent man ! : - (
 3067|0|stupidest . movie . ever , the people who made this movie should have their balls chopped off and be thrown in the ocean .
 3779|0|yep , I concur - this was that bad . Is Stallone bankrupt yet ? Someone please take him to the action hero retirement home , and tell the staff they can't make eye contact with him . . .
 3784|0|Two much two garbage .
 3812|0|Couldn't get through the first 5 m's of it ! BORING !
 5176|0|This show was never popular enough to warrant a big screen release . Not worth a rental .
 5185|0|I thought this movie was going to be like Pirates of the Caribeean . Boy was I wrong ! This movie was not scary and unfunny . I got sick of the dead people joke . The only good thing about this movie was Madame Leota . Take my advice and skip this movie .
 5195|0|Sucks , need I say more , this was mike myers' worst move
 7763|0|Adam Sandler sucks !
 8808|0|Get over it , this movie just plain old sucks . There is not one bit of good chemistry between Cher and Nicholas Cage . It is so annoying , and he looks horrible . He didn't know how to act when he was young , and he proves it here . Neither can Cher , so let's get to the point peoples !
 9987|0|This movie was a dissappointment . There were a few clever moments , but most of the jokes are just vulgar and disgusting . Cheri O'Teri is the only highlight .
10030|0|I really like this movie . You're right on , more songs less arguing . The songs are brilliant and the movie is really funny . Andrea Robinson , the singing voice for Wendy Makkena's character sounds like an angel on Hail Holy Queen . I love this movie !
10032|0|Sister Act left you wanting more . The movie needs more songs , less arguing .
10033|0|Whoopi Goldberg was really good . Very good singing . Whoopi working with bad kids , helping them change their ways .
10056|0|so u agree . . . u think you're really pretty ?
10169|0|I don't care how lame , or stupid some people think this movie is , it still has a great story line and it is definately a feel good coming of age movie . It wasn't filled with garbage or too much sex . A perfect teen movie that if I had teenagers of my own , I would definately recommend this movie to them . Alicia Silverstone is a talented actress who will go far if she keeps her talent pointed in the right direction .
10185|0|Love it ! Uh . . . . I can't play tennis , coach , because my plastic surgeon tells me I shouldn't have balls flying at my face . There goes her social life . Ha !
10253|0|This movie was great ! It showed how girls can do something all on their own and make a difference without needing help from anyone else . I loved the music and the storyline , awesome !
10261|0|The storyline was great and I feel it pleased both the male and female crowds . I really liked it .
10306|0|what are you talking about lukskywlkr ? this was the funniest movie i have ever witnessed ! i guess you don't have a sense of humor anyone agree ?
10411|0|I woke up at 3 : 00 in the morning on a worknight and decided to watch TV till I fell back asleep . I came across this movie , and my goal went from trying to fall asleep to not waking the rest of the household with my laughter
 1059|0|Great acting . Haunting story and the comedy made it more so . William H . Macy was great ! The Coen brothers got me . I believed for the longest time that this was a somewhat true story . But now I hear it wasn't . It's a new low to introduce a film as a true story and then have that be just a joke .
10728|0|This movie was excellent in portraying post-traumatic stress disorder . The performances were great and the twist at the end was entertaining ( with Chris Rock ) . The DVD is great with all the extras . The commentary is very helpful and makes the movie even better when you understand the meanings behind everything .
11014|0|This movie was funny throughout the time I sat down . It made me feel good after I got out of the theatre . Martin Lawerence definitely makes you laugh .
 1102|0|All a man has in this world is his balls and his word , and I don't break'em for no one . You got that ? I don't even remember how many times I've quoted from this movie , since I saw it , about 10 years ago . Pacino's performance is something else , it is not acting , it's simply art in it's most amazing form . definitely in my top 5 .
11086|0|This film is only for Jim Carrey . Who could play this role Charlie / Hank except Jim ? The hard words were just cute . . . Renee Zellweger was cute too . Irene P . Waters was the very different image prepared to that role in Jerry Maguire . She showed she could even keep up with Jim Carrey . Her charm in this film was enough to attract his instinct . . .
 1110|0|classic movie . . dont know what to say about it but it was very entertaining and the performances were wonderful .
11145|0|* hahahahaha *
11307|0|Scooby-oo ROCKED . Sarah and Fredie were great and Matt Lillard was wonderfully funny .
11446|0|I loved it so much ! ! ! i am counting down the days until the DVD comes out in DECEMBER ! ! ! WOO HOO , you all go out and buy it ok ? Give it up for Napoleon and Pedro . . . I wish he was on the election ballot , i woner how many people would have voted for him ? ! haha .
11489|0|I thought the Wedding Planner was a delightful movie . It accomplished what it set out to do ; it made me feel good . My friends I thoroughly enjoyed our time at this movie .
11733|0|A bunch of stupid , hot , high school cheerleaders running around in their panties and bras ? ! You cant lose !
11804|0|This movie was hilarious to anybody who's been involved with environmental politics at the grassroots level . Probably the humor is too inside for many people to appreciate , and perhaps a little too dark and dry . I personally couldn't stop laughing from the opening scene to the very last lines : " Should I bring my own chains ? " A : " We always do . " Hoffman and Lilly Thomlin made an incredible team as the " existential detectives . " I guess you just had to be " there . "
11861|0|Nasty , vicious , mean-spirited and hilarious . Very well scripted and a great performance by Thornton . Sure to become a Christmas tradition at my house .
11878|0|This film was really funny . I took my german exchange student to see it , and she thought it was funny , even though she didn't understand it !
11890|0|a love this movie it is so funny and what to say about the song of penis
12066|0|This was another funny movie by Rob . And of course Collens hot so thats a plus for the movie .
12221|0|This was so entertaining and i think the Wayne's and everyone else in it and everyone else who worked on it , did an amazing job ! Congratulations to those people ! You must see it if you haven't already ! !
12351|0|This is the absolute best movie ! all the girls are great actors , and since the books are great , the movie is great ! they dont change too much and just everything is done perfectly . i would definately recommend it to anyone i see !
12516|0|I loved this very beautiful , sad and poignant movie about wasting a LIFE and LOVE because of fear--fear of others and of living honestly . We've all experienced this fear to some degree in our lives and have paid a price for it . That's why this movie's appeal is universal . We can all relate .
12696|0|I was reading through some of the comments below and they said things along the lines of " Oh this was a terrible movie because it was just Michael Moore's opinion and it is wrong and he lied . " News flash : It is SUPPOSED to be Michael Moore's opinion . Which is why he made the movie . As much as you say that he lied and presented biased information , it is just balancing out for the media which is in my opinion , more biased than Moore . I turn on Fox news for a good laugh . And about the part of him comparing deaths by gunfire in the US to other countries , maybe it would have been more afective if he had done it in percentage to population , but if you havn't already figured it out . 11 , 000 something deaths in the US is a higher percentage than 20 something in Japan . In this documentary he presented excellent points , and I agreed with him on most of what he said . Not only that but it was a nice movie to watch , at times it was incredibly funny , and others were very emotional . And if he made millions off the movie , it's because people liked it .
12699|0|Carp all you want about the man and his movies--but Moore DID try to warn America . Yet more than half voted for the sh * thead Bush even after this not-seen-broadly-enough movie . And now you see how true the film portriat was--a pompous , stupid , clueless , uncaring man is dragging us down , and we " get " three more miserable years of it . . . Thanks for trying , Michael . . .
12706|0|I am an Australian and hvae juts watched 'Bowlinf for Columbine . I think that Moore has done a fantastic job of this documentary . I was shocked . Aboslutely stunned and disgusted . The way Americans go around with guns is very wrong . I found it very emotional , and right fully so . The scene from inside Columbine High were enough to make me cry . how disgraceful tat such a hting could happen ! Whjat is America doing to make this happen ? ! I know many Americas are angry at being portayed in a negative way , but please deal with it . Most of you are decent people , BUT anyone who agrees with what Charles Heston did , going to Columbine to promote guns a day after the shooting and also where the six yera old innocent girl was shot , to be all happy , hahaa , own a gun , its so great blah blah blah ITS TOTALLY UNACCPETABLE ! how disrespectful ! What a waste of life that man is ! I was also shocked at how America gave money to Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden . Well whats happening now ? ! ? ! ? oh we hate Hussein , oh kill Osama ! They are murderers . . . Weel take a look in the mirror ! ! ! Abosolutely disgusting . Whether the claims are true or not , and i wil admit maybe moore was too interetsed in money , he has stil opened my eyes to things maybe i wihs i could close my eyes on again , and i know America wants to do tat , BUT DOT ! open them ! ! ! ! ! MAKE YOUR GUN LAWS STRICTER ! ! save the children . I love Columbine ! ( also how disgusting the gun trucs had 'we are columbine on them ! ) thankyou Mr Moore , 'Bowling for Columine' was truly AMAZING !
12723|0|My Opinion is : I live in Canada , I totaly agree with Mr . Moore on the gun control use , their ethics compared to Canadains , how people live in fear , ect . I blame most of it on Their Media ( Everytime you turn around their talking about guns , killings , stabings , and to be prepared for things that are slim to happing , I'm not saying they wont just that they take it out of control ) And Bush . . . . Well he puts the fear in GOD ! ! ! What the hell does he think he's doing ? ? ? He trys to make things worse then they really are . anyways . . I loved the movie and it rocks ! ! GO MOORE ! ! !
12735|0|Not a comedy , but it will definitely make you laugh , and will make you think even more . Glad to see somebody make a movie absent of the influence of Hollywood , Washington , and corporate society in geneeral .
12799|0|Excessive ? Yes . Alarming ? Most certainly . Funny ? Relentlessly . In this film , Morgan Spurlock merely drove home , in irrevocable , undeniable and not uncertain terms something those of us with two brain cells already know : that 95 % of junk food is total crap ( they don't call it junk food for nothing ) and can be downright harmful to you if you overindulge . However , obviously millions of Americans have less than two brain cells when you consider how many of them are stuffing their faces at this very moment in the countless , various culinary crapatoriums found in every strip mall and on every highway in our grossly obese and flab-disgusting country . It used to be that the average waist size for adult men in the U . S . was 36 inches : today , it's like 42 . The average dress size for women used to be eight : today , it's 14 . Lazy , ignorant , gluttonous and self-destructive slobs that they are , Americans need a movie like this much more than they need a 700 calorie soft drink , a 600 calorie super order of fries or a 550 calorie Big Mac . What was disconcerting about this film was : ( 1 ) Spurlock gained something like 27 pounds in a month of eating McBowel ; ( 2 ) he was at the verge of compromising his liver from such a high-fat diet ( even one of his own physicians was amazed ) , and ( 3 ) eating all that feces on a bun even made him , in the words of his girlfriend , less of a man than he used to be . What was sad in this film was that scene featuring the pretty , but very overweight teenage girl , who , citing the supposedly healthy and fat-reducing qualities of Subway ( vomit ) sandwiches , bemoans the fact that she can't afford to eat there twice a day . The funniest bit ? When Spurlock ate the triple quarter pounder and almost immediately gave it back , hurling out the window of his vehicle . They even panned the camera out the window of the car so that the audience could see the upchuck spewed on the ground . Now , there's a documentarian dedicated to getting all the facts on film !
  128|0|Once again , Hopkins shines like he always does . This movie was engaging , yet nerve-wrecking . One of the best horror movies of all time !
12820|0|Not enough is made of this . Wow . Truth really is better than fiction . This is possibly the greatest story I know of - AND IT'S TRUE ! Haven't read the book though . I should've done that first . Great movie . Unbelievable story .
12836|0|It's been a while since I've seen this . I just remember it being great . I guess you have to first love 'Apocalypse Now' to love this . If you love that , you'll love this - fact .
13033|0|I'm writing this review for every part of the movie . So many things happen throughout the whole saga ! And it's one of the few movies where at times I completely forgot that the people were acting . It was so real . The actors were amazing . Too bad I don't have a drop of Italian blood in me ; this remarkable film would make me proud in an odd sort of way . . .
13066|0|I think this was a classic movie . It was the grandaddy ( to avoid pun ) of gangster movies , and portrays some important historical and cultural points . It was really great , and there were some great Pacino parts .
13095|0|Most meaningful movie I have ever seen . No movie has addressed a sensative topic with such openness , and sincerity . Beautiful .
13110|0|This is a really great movie . Everyone one in it does a great job . This movie is realistic and it helps you to understand better just how horrific the holocaust really was . If you haven't seen this movie , you should definitely see it . Be warned though , this is a very sad movie .
13113|0|For a documentary drama sort of way this movie was VERY interesting . There were no dry parts at all because I became engaged with all of the Jewish people and their emotions . A great educational movie to help you understand what a culture had to go through in order to survive .
13146|0|Schindler's List was one of the most realistic , touching holocost movie that's been made . It's black white , with 3 parts which symbolize life that is colored . Great Movie !
13159|0|Who doesnt want to be in the Mafia because of these movies ? Callmetootie is no good .
13179|0|Doctor- Is there anything we can do for you ? McMurphy- ( holds up the naked-lady playing card ) Do you have her number ?
13356|0|i saw it at the age of 11 . . . . i cried , i loved it . what 11 year old cries when watching a movie . . . . . one that is truely moved by the story line .
13411|0|It was very creative and touching . It made me think , can a man ( although fictitious ) actually experience all these things in life ?
13445|0|This movie made up for a lot that most of the public missed in history class . The story ( not true ) gave us a glimpse of so much that went on in the country for a period of time .
13455|0|ONE OF THE TEN GREATEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME
13461|0|A GENTLE COMEDY WITH A DRY SENSE OF HUMOUR
13488|0|I liked this movie a lot because it portrayed four friends who stuck together even under the worst of circumstances . It was very touching and made me cry .
  135|0|This movie was great . The plot was the best I have ever seen . Other directors should follow this one .
13529|0|There are only a few movies that have affected me like this one . I had to sit for an hour afterwards just to ponder what I had just seen . Amazing movie ! !
13580|0|Look closer and you may find out that there are things about you that you might not like . This movie portrays the essence of life in middle class suburbia . That under this superfical happiness is a disturbing life . Very thought provoking and intriging . The fact that so many people related to this movie shows that we are all abonormal .
13621|0|this movie is so f * ing sweet it clearly shows how America is troubled with these poor , annoying , tyrants that hurt the nations economy . And Derek Vinyard does what all white americans ahould , go out there and kick the crap out of dumb Ni * * ers
13631|0|A very intense , chilling movie that exploits the racial issues that still exist far and throughout this great country of ours . As usual , Edward Norton , the charismatic actor that he is , gives us a brilliant performance as a brutal skinhead who when released from prison has finally seen the error of his ways . Talk about a brilliant character transformation . I thought that Norton and his working buddy in the prison did a wonderful job together . Also a great performance by the usually-annoying Edward Furlong . It truly is a shockingly blunt film with its language and exploitation of the brutal reality of racism . Racism offends me , but I still found this to be a very good movie , and I suggest that all Americans , whether you've been able to let go of racism or not , see this film .
13716|0|One of the best movies of all time
13773|0|This was a really great movie , and one of my favourites . It's really worth watching . It's original and really well acted by everyone . It's a fairly long movie but it keeps your attention throughout . It is a little graphic though so it's not for the weak stomached .
13826|0|This is the greatest film I have ever scene , although it is too sad to be my favourite . The epitome of dramatic acting is highlighted in the Russian roulette scene where the acting is so believeable , its frightening . De Niro and walken are truly superb .
13850|0|Scorsese's best film . DeNiro gives the best performance by anyone in the last 25 years . One of the best drama's of all time , and probably the best drama of the 80s .
13864|0|Who's An Animal Larry ? This Is A Brilliant Film . You Appreciate It A Little More Every Time You Watch It . Bobby Marty Rule ! ! ! !
13866|0|This is Dinero at his best . He got so into character that he gave himself a concussion and broke both hands in the filming of one scene ( when he's in prison ) . I thought it was a powerful , quality story . An early Rocky .
13926|0|This movie I rated a 5 because it emotionally touched me in a way that changed my life . It opened my eyes to view the world in a whole different way .
13943|0|i was born on the day that movie came out
13999|0|Hot guys and an original story . I love the accents of the guys and the real pain Matt Damon shows in his role as Will Hunting .
14014|0|I loved Good Will Hunting . It was so good . I remember seeing it in the theater right when it came out and wondering who the cute guys were . I usually don't cry in movies and I shed a few tears . I was shocked to hear that Matt Damon and Ben Affleck had written the screenplay . It made me like the movie ten times more .
14060|0|I'm 35 and was just a small child when this happened . I don't remember it at all . I liked the movie and was happy to learn about those heroes I had never heard of before .
14152|0|This is an incredibly powerful film . And it is heart-wrenching , make no mistake about it . The performance by Hillary Swank is utterly amazing , and Chloe Sevigny is also fantastic in her role . It will make the homophobic among us quite uncomfortable , I'm sure . If you can keep an open mind and open heart , you can feel for these people deeply and care what happens to them . Brandon Teena is not portrayed as a perfect person , but as a human being with faults and with dreams and needs that are shunned by most people around him . These things do happen in real life if you choose to recognize it . This film sheds light on intolerance in a pioneering and honest way . I can't recommend it highly enough .
14163|0|not since shindlers list have i felt so devastated by a film . truly one of the most effective movies to have ever been made .
 1429|0|Francis Ford Coppola at his best . This is Coppola's rendition of the classic Heart of Darkness , set in the Vietnam war . A glimpse into the primitive evil inherent within men-see it . The cinematography is awesome !
14312|0|Many people expected something else . And so did I . But I like what I got instead . Great film . Very interesting , creative , funny , weird , shocking . Just perfect .
 1433|0|Until last night , the only time I had seen this movie was in my 11th grade English so that we could write an essay comparing it to Conrad's Heart of Darkness . It's really difficult to get a sense of a movie in 45 minute pieces . Boy , am I glad I took a second look . This movie is wonderful . Narrated incredibly by Martin Sheen , the movie follows his character , Capt . Willard , as he goes further and further up the river into the jungles of Vietnam to terminate with extreme prejudice Kurtz a former military hero who has gone crazy . With tremendous performances by the entire cast , notably Sheen and Robert Duvall , Apocalypse Now allows us to see the many horrors of Vietnam and how the men who went there were changed forever . You definitely have to be in the right mood to watch this movie , but if you haven't seen it , make sure you rent it . The vivid pictures and wonderful camera shots created by Coppola and the great acting will make it worthwhile .
14355|0|Who needs DARE when you have this movie ? ! The performances were awe-inspiring . The message of the movie was one of the most poignant I have ever seen . It is shocking and very disturbing , but important much like Schindler's List was . You don't want to see this stuff , but you need to in order to understand the world and what can be done about what we don't like . I wondered about the validity of the hospital scene , thinking that I can't imagine it would be legal to send him to jail instead of at least treating the infection . I realize the point they were making , but it was already made by that point . What would have worked even better is if the movie were longer , showing how the son got involved in hard core drugs in the first place . I showed this movie to my kids , while having to explain what I believe were the gateway drugs before heroin . They got the message I hoped they would , it feels good but the temporary good feelings are not worth the cost . Also , addictive drugs are addictive drugs , whether or not one is less socially appropriate than another . This movie made that point beautifully . We , as a society , shouldn't treat drug addicts as criminals either . It is torture and it doesn't solve anything in the process .
14404|0|oh my gosh think about it
14447|0|This is a movie about the man who held indian ideals in him in the real sense . The indian values for respect for life , freedom in the time of colonial subjugation made him great . But the height of his greatness was when a reporter asked him . . . ( sarcastically ) Mr gandhi how come you never won a nobel peace prize even after being a advocate of peace for nearly all your life ? ? . . he said i don't care for the nobel prize because i am not aiming for it . . . my aim is to help the common man of india . . . when india is passing through it's darkest days through non-violence and peaceful methods
14472|0|I really got into 'Almost Fanous' . This movie really took me back . . ! Tells it like it is in the music scene even today . I was there in Hollywood during the Jim Morrison and DOORS episode is my point . As well as I was there in person when Grace Slick and The Jefferson Airplane performed their first public performance at the Long Shoreman's Hall in S . F . ( The Greatful Dead appeared on the same night , later ) Really an enjoyable flick . . !
14593|0|it was the movie that woke america up to what was happening in places like south central and awareness to that there was more than just a news article it was real people with real hopes and dreams and not being able to achieve them and young men losing their lives over a color . something that should have been gotten over in kindergarten . ice cube shows his capability of becoming a well known actor and he has come far since this movie . cuba gooding jr has done his fair share of good and bad movies . thought he would do much better though
14704|0|OOO MAH GOD ! that movie was the best ! at first i didnt understand it , and i like wanted to fall asleep , but when i sorda figured it out it like all came together and the movie was like the best ! aww , i was soo happy @ the end , i cried . well i cry in like every movie so whatever .
14776|0|Very powerful . A little too hyped up - I don't think it was quite one of those movies that has to be made ( like Schindler's List ) , but great nonetheless .
14895|0|Terrific movie . Plot and action were powerful .
14972|0|A very good movie . The scenic views make the film very appealing and pretty . The acting and casting of characters is top notch . It depicts the scenes of war with brutality , and makes the viewer feel more in touch with the history of the American Revolution .
14999|0|Loved it !
15088|0|A true classic - to be owned and will be an the alltime best movie list .
15114|0|One of the best movies I've ever seen . The actors and performances were the best . I went to see this movie because I loved the book , and for the first time wasn't disappointed with the movie .
